

The new leader pushed for fresh waves of money to be pumped into the economy, and doubled Japan's inflation target to 2% in an effort to end detrimental bouts of deflation.

The country is offering rock-bottom share values that are a "stock-picker's dream".

But there is a long way to go before the Nikkei 225, the main index, hits the 38,900 peak it reached in 1989 before the bubble burst with a sharp decline in property prices and severe banking crisis. 


McDermott favours Legg Mason Japan Equity for investing in smaller stocks. "This is a volatile choice but when it's in the right spot it performs extremely well." 
He also likes GLG Japan Core Alpha if you'd rather stick to investments in larger companies.



China
a series of significant economic reforms announced last week. These included a relaxation of China's one-child policy, and a shift to a more consumer-driven economy.

the demographic time-bomb. "But sometimes all or most of the bad news is already priced into the market."

Russia
Russia, known for political turmoil alongside huge supplies of oil and gas, has been relatively unloved by investors. It is not for the faint-hearted, being universally regarded as one of the riskiest markets. However, Russian equities remain great value, says McDermott. While the risk remains, an upturn in global economic activity and progress in implementing reforms could mean that it is poised to deliver strong returns, says Connolly.

There are plenty of funds to pick from that are attracting a wave of money from British investors. Lowcock says Neptune Russia & Greater Russia remains the widest held in this sector, returning 14% over the past 12 months. Other funds, such as Fidelity Emerging Europe Middle East and Africa, that spread their investments over a wide range of countries and throw in Turkey and Israel as well, are also proving popular.

McDermott likes JP Morgan New Europe, which is currently around 64% invested in Russia.

The minimum investment in most funds is £1,000 as a lump sum, or £50 a month into a regular savings plan. However, take account of initial charges on managed funds, which are typically around 5% but easy to avoid. Discount brokers and advisers, such as Bestinvest and Chelsea Financial Services, refund most, if not all, of this charge when you invest.

The aim is to promote the benefits of independent advice – and in particular of financial planners, who tend to be well qualified and take an overview of clients' finances. Another option is to find an independent financial adviser by visiting unbiased.co.uk to select one who specialises in a particular area.









